hey what's going on action figure
addicts it's a sea spray part of action
figure addicts I'm here today to bring
you another custom action figure review
but my good buddy Fraser pink customs
check him out great guy great customs
and just cool cool stuff so right now
today I got a custom off him just like a
few weeks ago and it's pretty stoked
about it
this is Marvel Legends thing zombified
zombie thing in the house right now
looking at you well it's kind of looking
up but you are looking at him and
looking at this you can see the great
detail in this and covered in blood and
you know you got ribs and you got flesh
in there even though the thing is made
out of rock you got some flesh
underneath and then you got an open
chest cavity exposing all the gruesome
details in there with rib cage I got the
muscle tissue lungs all that gross
disgusting stuff and then you got like
looks like bullet holes in there maybe
somebody shot on him or something like
that
you got like chopped fingers off with
blood on there and you got the ripped
broken off pieces I get enjoying the
flesh on the arms and the legs and stuff
like that got blood everywhere
and then you got a custom head that's a
full-on custom head pretty sure if not
the back is the pre-existing a head
sculpt and then the top then you got the
full front molded piece that was
probably most likely from the look of it
placed on the old things head and then
of course you got something detailing
and you got a exposed brain crazy detail
looking brain in there and that that
face is that's to die for it's only a
face on mother will love and you can see
the crazy detail in there though the
mouth is all open with blood and looks
like he's chomping on his own fingers
even you know but you know again Frazier
is a great guy and he puts a lot of you
know work into his his efforts a lot of
efforts into it work whichever way you
want to take that he does a good job and
he's a really cool guy so if you haven't
checked him out you know check his
facebook page out check his youtube
channel out yeah Frazier knife knowing
each other for quite some time now I
bought and I think I have ten custom
figures off him now so that's awesome I
have five zombies and then five of the
regular just different characters stuff
like that but I have reviewed them if
you want to check those reviews out you
could do so and then I got other reviews
coming up I have a Wolverine Sabretooth
zombie magneto
and a patli Cyclops all coming at you
right away
so let's do a little 360 of this guy I
could feel the detail and great aspects
of him
Rory gory aspects of him turning all the
way around and then again you could just
start off on the head sculpt look at all
that detail in there and so much going
on you gotta really look at it up close
and take a good look at it because
there's crazy stuff going on there and
it's just it's scary as hell then of
course the main aspect of here aside
from the face you got this open chest
cavity showing like get some ribs and
everything in there just take a look at
that for yourself it's crazy you can say
read through there and again got the
arms mostly on the side he doesn't that
very nice gloss on this it's not just
painted red but it's a nice gloss and it
looks pretty cool and then you got the
chopped-off fingers and stuff like that
and yet the aspects of the blood and
stains all are going through his legs
and not so much on his back nothing too
much on his back as you can see that's
pretty cool nonetheless and that's
pretty much it you know go check Frasier
out if you live in the Winnipeg area you
can go to comic convention c4 Comic Cons
he's usually there and check it his work
out I'll leave a link to some of his
photos and stuff like that and you can
check it out for yourself and also make
sure you check out my other reviews by
Fraser Cain customs and more to come so
on that note that's pretty much it I
just wanted to do a quick little review
on this guy and show them off to you and
he's cool I like him a lot and I love
zombies and a lot of Marvel stuff so you
know he goes
and for me to get oh I'm just like
looking at this blood gloss here and
just looks like the blood is like
dripping out of the stomach by the way
that I'm tilting them back and forth
once it completes coming the glassy
dripping out free easy creating so I
really loved that this aspect that he
put on there like that but lost tones to
make you look old fresh and stuff like
that so really cool stuff so thanks for
watching and I'll catch you guys next
for you please like this video comment
share it and subscribe